# ==================

hi s4. small thing. in [tomorrows
lab](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/p9ur0nlglpc9h3g6gn5uqhmrmm933/g3hnh5h3ox8z97hr/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9tdDJ0bDRmZQ==),
i'll be reviewing some of your toys. if interested in being show live,
be sure to post your toy on socials in the next 24-hours -- i'll be
looking at everyone tagging us and **pick around 10** **toys** to review
live in the lab. i also wanna make it clear. when you post your toy,
it's totally fine to have a video where you *show* your toy and talk
over it. you don't need a working link rn. -
​[here's](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/p9ur0nlglpc9h3g6gn5uqhmrmm933/9qhzhnhp3nv2wqi9/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9fYm9yb21iby9zdGF0dXMvMTY4MTUwMTQ3MTQ3NTY2Njk0NA==)
an example of a toy for tech project. -
​[here's](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/p9ur0nlglpc9h3g6gn5uqhmrmm933/3ohphkh79v5dm2hr/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9FbGVhVm9nbGkvc3RhdHVzLzE2ODYxNzc4NTk5NTI1OTkwNDA=)
an example of a toy for a musician. -
​[here's](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/p9ur0nlglpc9h3g6gn5uqhmrmm933/n2hohvh35e9oqgf6/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9teWxlbmV0dS9zdGF0dXMvMTY1MDYxNDQxODgyMzA2MTUwNQ==)
an example of a toy for a content creator. easiest way is to show your
toy? make a video and pretend you're just showing your friend it. weekly
update #2 is covered in depth
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/p9ur0nlglpc9h3g6gn5uqhmrmm933/48hvhehrqkd2lqtx/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMg==)
and we give you plenty of examples on how to do this. due monday night.
also... in other news -- we'd like to
[apologize](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/p9ur0nlglpc9h3g6gn5uqhmrmm933/wnh2hghwv82o73h7/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9fYnVpbGRzcGFjZS9zdGF0dXMvMTY5MTUyMjM2OTYxMjA1MDQzMg==).
================ =============== hey all. lecture #2 was fun today -- we
talked all about building the "toy" version of your idea. you can find
the recording in the os under recordings/lecture_2
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933/kkhmh6hl242604fl/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL29z).
this week is simple: 1. build your toy. 2. post your toy on twitter,
linkedin, and/or ig. 3. give 5 others feedback on their toy (wait till
friday to do this). that's it. simple, but, we want you to do this well.
**we've covered everything in depth to these steps successfully
**[**here.**](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933/58hvh7hmolokd3a6/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMg==)**​**
the page is a bit long but important, so really read it + watch the
videos when you get some time. we show you everything from how to record
your screen well to how to write a good tweet/linkedin post. weekly
update #2 is officially live
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933/25h2hoh20n04p6b3/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3VwZGF0ZS8y)--
it's due monday, aug 21 @ 11:59pm pt. browse through it and get a sense
of what you gotta submit. on thursday, we got our lab --
[rsvp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933/qvh8h7hr2q2omwsl/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9tdDJ0bDRmZQ==).
during the lab, i'll be going over different toys people post on socials
between now and thursday. i'll pick 10-15 examples and kinda breakdown
what makes a solid toy, and help you learn a bit from others so you can
workshop your own toy! as always, all this can be found at the bottom of
the os. \|
![](https://ci5.googleusercontent.com/proxy/m5zfn6IF4er_pYfjFI5fH-5wIqSptWWdVVb9IReJQCyxjiTAkmvLPWr84Bs9ajmOSL17FFI_8AZc8-kjA6DbA8MZhU3rLikKDbTATWRnUK78p60G2Y19-NJxk5KnEMannMV45IQ=s0-d-e1-ft#https://embed.filekitcdn.com/e/wJXiug9XRLaK4vLwmTwRaG/bNvTkVbdJewpzjfNtpuSH6/email)
\| see yah! reply if you have any questions. farza (founder @
buildspace). p.s:
[this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933/g3hnh5h3oxo68war/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9uYXZlZWRqYW5tby9zdGF0dXMvMTY5MTYyOTU1MTUzNjAxMzQ2Mg==)
person's toy tweet + video was near perfect, he's a full-time student in
sf with us. so, it's a bit more polished. but, i also loved
[this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933/9qhzhnhp3n3zvms9/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9zaXRjb21fYWkvc3RhdHVzLzE2OTE1OTc0OTgyNDk1NDAwMjE=)
person's toy who's building AR glasses into a beanie lol. way simpler.
kinda silly almost, but, toys are meant to be fun at the start and show
your progress. p.s.s: remember, tagging us on on socials ain't required
but just leads to higher visibility.
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz08x6s9h0200933)​ ​
=================== ================== hey s4. welcome to week two of
s4. please just give this a quick read to make sure you're all good.
weekly update #1 is due today, aug 14 @ 11:59pm pt -- [**submit
here.**](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933/qvh8h7hr2n658vhl/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3VwZGF0ZS8x)​
i know you all are busy with life and still getting to know buildspace.
and, some people we accepted to s4 just a few days ago. so, here's what
we'll do. we will show mercy (i've gotten soft)... we're going to to
allow late submissions. **we'll keep the weekly update #1 open until
thursday, aug 17.** this is the only time we are gonna do this. again,
to catch up you just gotta do these things: - watch kickoff
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933/g3hnh5h3opz5eour/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3N0YXJ0). -
do the lecture + lab
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933/9qhzhnhp392mglc9/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMQ==). -
submit weekly update #1
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933/qvh8h7hr2n658vhl/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3VwZGF0ZS8x).
but the show goes on. this week's focus is around building what we're
calling a "toy". \|
![](https://ci6.googleusercontent.com/proxy/VsQf7LljdcL4xfdco2P4uDpvRhiyJZIOYhraLjCpvxyGAd7dTdO7PqAjr3_sKfDKgLovY0s1duB9gA2WLHuhY_tk3tKEZF7ysHgwI1-YSmPxdqw2SerO-D-8mKz38PI6k1FnLTE=s0-d-e1-ft#https://embed.filekitcdn.com/e/wJXiug9XRLaK4vLwmTwRaG/4gM1UVR5ug7NwFyiAF4BYn/email)
\| it's gonna be a fun week, rsvp for lecture + lab this week here: -
lecture #2 -- build a toy. tuesday aug 15
([rsvp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933/3ohphkh79zdlqdar/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS84ODhham82OQ==)) -
lab #2 -- workshop your toy. thursday aug 17
([rsvp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933/n2hohvh35ropnnt6/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9tdDJ0bDRmZQ==))
we'll be dropping **weekly update #2 tomorrow** after the lecture. see
you at the lecture tomorrow! ty! farza (founder @ buildspace)
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/92unvd898mtnhqz034lh9h0200933)​ ​
===================== ====================== hey all. ty for a beautiful
start to week 1 of nights & weekends. this is the first weekend of s4.
**i know not all of you are fully caught up.** so, here's what you need
to have done by tuesday, aug 15. (that's like 3 whole days you got
this). here's the three things you gotta do, in order: 1. watch the
kickoff + do the kickoff items
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/n2hohvh35v3qo8u6/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3N0YXJ0)
-- covers everything about s4. 2. watch the first lecture, the first
lab, and complete w1 items
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/48hvhehrqmrl2pix/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMQ==).
3. submit weekly update #1
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/wnh2hghwvqw7o4s7/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3VwZGF0ZS8x)
-- due monday aug 14, at 11:59pm pt. we also made a quick
[video](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/reh8hoh0vm0d5vt2/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9fbmlnaHRzd2Vla2VuZHMvc3RhdHVzLzE2OTAxNDU5MDQ4NjU4MDgzOTE=)
talking about some of this stuff. \|
[![](https://ci4.googleusercontent.com/proxy/OWXmLCrE_TtyQ3CxqNLUiQlklO_2qwyRszPf_8NIjDhzDh_5hoTXTqavYFNd-yuXHRgVDInFi15_94d3fSRGnLVB33fS2VpJz-sfDKdlSgs_uKgS4xbeTmjG1fFm2KXi8BLwZIY=s0-d-e1-ft#https://embed.filekitcdn.com/e/wJXiug9XRLaK4vLwmTwRaG/vXNMHHgAubWXXVRXNYoQio/email)](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/reh8hoh0vm0d5vt2/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9fbmlnaHRzd2Vla2VuZHMvc3RhdHVzLzE2OTAxNDU5MDQ4NjU4MDgzOTE=)
\| you can find all this + all recordings on the [buildspace
os](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/08hwh9hdw2de7kul/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL2hvbWU=)
in the "recordings" folder. if you're all caught up -- amazing. rsvp for
next week's lecture
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/8ghqhohlpold55sk/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS84ODhham82OQ==),
and lab
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/vqh3hrhp3op0knig/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9tdDJ0bDRmZQ==).
take this weekend to start building out some of your idea like i
mentioned at the end of the lab. see y'all! p.s: shoutout to our
full-time sf1 campus students for being part of the streams, feel free
to hit em up
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399/l2hehmh3vl32k3b6/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3NmMQ==)
(scroll down). click their name and it'll take you to their twitter!
find one person on the list that seems like they're doing cool stuff and
let em know! farza (founder @ buildspace)
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0qkrgehkhzxzz399)​ ​ ​
=============== =============== hey all. week 1 is going well so far.
we've had thousands of idea slides posted already, pretty sick. **we got
our first lab tomorrow.** it's titled: lab #1 -- lets workshop your
idea. in the lab, i'll pick + review 10-15 ideas posted on socials.
together -- we'll decide the ideas we like, the ones we didn't like, and
learn what makes a solid idea slide. then, you'll lab your own idea
slide live. i'm really focusing on this idea slide -- because, this is
the foundation on which you're gonna go build next week. so, may as well
make it solid. **please
**[**rsvp**](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/25h2hoh207m4qna3/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL2hvbWU=)\*\*
to it on the buildspace os -- top left.** also, at this point you should
be scrolling through idea slides. i made a small error, on the twitter
links yesterday. but, here are the final ones: - trending idea slides on
**twitter\*\*
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/qvh8h7hr28koletl/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9zZWFyY2g_cT0oJTQwX2J1aWxkc3BhY2UlMjBPUiUyMCU0MF9uaWdodHN3ZWVrZW5kcyklMjAtZmlsdGVyJTNBcmVwbGllcyUyMGZpbHRlciUzQWltYWdlcyZzcmM9dHlwZWRfcXVlcnk=). -
recently posted idea slides on **twitter**
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/9qhzhnhp3g5zewt9/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9zZWFyY2g_cT0oJTQwX2J1aWxkc3BhY2UlMjBPUiUyMCU0MF9uaWdodHN3ZWVrZW5kcyklMjAtZmlsdGVyJTNBcmVwbGllcyUyMGZpbHRlciUzQWltYWdlcyZzcmM9dHlwZWRfcXVlcnkmZj1saXZl). -
trending idea slides on **linkedin**
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/3ohphkh79qp4kgbr/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGlua2VkaW4uY29tL3NlYXJjaC9yZXN1bHRzL2NvbnRlbnQvP2RhdGVQb3N0ZWQ9JTIycGFzdC0yNGglMjIma2V5d29yZHM9JTQwYnVpbGRzcGFjZSZvcmlnaW49RkFDRVRFRF9TRUFSQ0gmc2lkPW5UTCZzb3J0Qnk9JTIycmVsZXZhbmNlJTIy). -
recently posted idea slides on **linkedin**
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/n2hohvh35n76lpb6/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGlua2VkaW4uY29tL3NlYXJjaC9yZXN1bHRzL2NvbnRlbnQvP2RhdGVQb3N0ZWQ9JTIycGFzdC13ZWVrJTIyJmtleXdvcmRzPSU0MGJ1aWxkc3BhY2Umb3JpZ2luPUZBQ0VURURfU0VBUkNIJnNpZD1RJTJDUiZzb3J0Qnk9JTIyZGF0ZV9wb3N0ZWQlMjI=). -
idea slides posted on **insta** **reels**
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/48hvhehrq0x67dhx/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9fYnVpbGRzcGFjZS90YWdnZWQ=)​
if you aren't getting feedback, give like 20 other people feedback + ask
them to review your slide. don't be like "wahhh i have no followers".
put in some work, help others, you'll be surprised. we also have all
these links nicely on
[this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/wnh2hghwvr0xlei7/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMQ==)
page which also has weekly update #1. \|
[![](https://ci4.googleusercontent.com/proxy/K2R6tTBKvRJ7jcYchCIX8sEZAgSfkX1IPSTRke0RaqpLklzI_s8dOBYUhWosW1EKSHvrarJsAB53imc49vaCGshcaBQq4T2bS_UNKEvJoroQxlNbI3dZFJs9lQYlft_gUMrxMxM=s0-d-e1-ft#https://embed.filekitcdn.com/e/wJXiug9XRLaK4vLwmTwRaG/aztGxUYQAW62NRfUbdjGLF/email)](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/wnh2hghwvr0xlei7/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMQ==)
\| as you scroll, give a follow to people you think are working on cool
stuff. also...
**​**[**here**](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/reh8hoh0vq6wo6i2/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9zZWFyY2g_cT0lNDBfYnVpbGRzcGFjZSUyME9SJTIwJTQwX25pZ2h0c3dlZWtlbmRzJTIwZmlsdGVyJTNBaW1hZ2VzJTIwLW1pbl9yZXBsaWVzJTNBMiUyMG1pbl9yZXBsaWVzJTNBMCUyMC1maWx0ZXIlM0FyZXBsaWVzJnNyYz10eXBlZF9xdWVyeQ==)\*\*
is a link to idea slides on twitter with less than one reply\*\* and
need some love + feedback. if you got 5m, give it a scroll. help some
homies out. see you tmmro! p.s: if you haven't installed the buildspace
os or set it as your homepage plzzzz do it. starting end of this week,
it's will be the **only place** we'll post updates. if on a chrome-based
browser install
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/08hwh9hdwmlgppul/aHR0cHM6Ly9naXRodWIuY29tL2J1aWxkc3BhY2UvYnVpbGRzcGFjZS1vcw==)
(scroll down to video), or if on arc or firefox or something else set
[this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399/25h2hoh207m4qna3/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL2hvbWU=)
as homepage.
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/8kuendk2k7toh0q9wx5fkhzxzz399)
==================== ===================== \[note: this email is being
resent, sorry if you're getting a duplicate. hopefully the final
struggle with our email provider\] hey all. farza here. just completed
lecture #1. was pretty fun. you can find a recording of lecture #1 on
the [buildspace
os](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/48hvhehrq0nzq9hx/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL2hvbWU=)
in the "recordings folder" right above the kickoff. we got the lab on
thursday, rsvp
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/wnh2hghwvr39vvt7/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9uMzVhbTJpaA==).
let's talk about next steps. \|
![](https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/QoEQOZGhyPmJFqnF3lDPKxYE8bK_IL-OmyILkwu-LOzJv4gGtcZolCjQXdzZC3guLFS_Jght3Bq0Whe7n92mZRet2A1j1R9m1SkprZYDg2SN9Khk1FUSWUGiXueFQDt07Dbl1qQ=s0-d-e1-ft#https://embed.filekitcdn.com/e/wJXiug9XRLaK4vLwmTwRaG/wjFLKCpmT85GPVuRJNHmGH/email)
\| note: if you're at the point where you still haven't even seen the
kickoff and you feel behind, well, be sure you did all the kickoff steps
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/08hwh9hdwmk0w7tl/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3N0YXJ0)
-- pretty simple to catch up. promise. **in order to complete weekly
update #1, you must watch lecture #1.** the weekly update is a simple
form you fill out each week, can find weekly update #1
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/8ghqhohlpgxepgak/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3VwZGF0ZS8x).
check it out real quick and scroll through it to get an idea of what you
gotta submit. update #1 is due on monday, aug 14 @ 11:59pm pt. so,
weekly update #1 requires a few things: **first**, you'll need to create
you idea slide on figma via the template we used in the lecture. you can
find the template
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/vqh3hrhp3nd23psg/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZmlnbWEuY29tL2NvbW11bml0eS9maWxlLzEyNzA1ODc5MDMwNzk1NzExMDE=).
\|
![](https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/4rLZk6ys5dQsqBwujicMXWqAb8PmAfiW0e9yuYFH-95poZz8Q7ENTBVbuNrLPWaOAM7WN9qg8o6IjR98yHJXxM1IRcio0wv92mFHdHgZcxwG8W76Os1vkHwy350Q7cz31RZHFF-bEEIIBHHr-OOXNw=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2s31my014fl20qhk99yjtg.jpg)
\| **second**, you'll need to post your idea slide to either twitter or
linkedin or insta. if you want your post to get more visibility -- you
can tag
[@_buildspace](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/l2hehmh3voz5vls6/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9fYnVpbGRzcGFjZQ==)
or
[@_nightsweekends](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/m2h7h5h80o7k0mam/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9fbmlnaHRzd2Vla2VuZHM=)
for twitter,
[@buildspace](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/e0hph7h0wk29w5f8/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGlua2VkaW4uY29tL3NjaG9vbC9idWlsZHNwYWNlZS8_dmlld0FzTWVtYmVyPXRydWU=)
on linkedin, or
[@_buildspace](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/7qh7h8hop0mvpduz/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9fYnVpbGRzcGFjZS8_aGw9ZW4=)
on insta. i recommend you "cc" us like this. \|
![](https://ci6.googleusercontent.com/proxy/ZkrK1q7Bko29G4GIOV1rcRBUPxVQtmXYuDWa8xFl5bC70nsntBc0K9PAp6uSX5Ich1LGdIxlJDyKIg1mLrRnkJF0r6e1A838Y8e4wJ5ryW6lFi7Ud5Y50NiNd0p-qs8uNuElVeK-EvW1Oeuy9RJUTA=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2s7h2r002dju0ouqs16207.jpg)
\| generally, twitter/ln is most active in terms of feedback. but, insta
has a much higher chance of getting more views because of the algorithm.
**i recommend posting on all three.** **third**, you'll need to publicly
give 5 other people feedback on their idea on twitter, linkedin, or
insta -- simply reply to their idea slide and give them your honest take
about their idea. - click
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/owhkhqhrl473lpiv/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9zZWFyY2g_cT0lNDBfYnVpbGRzcGFjZSUyMCU0MF9uaWdodHN3ZWVrZW5kcyUyMGZpbHRlciUzQWltYWdlcyZzcmM9dHlwZWRfcXVlcnkmZj1saXZl)
to scroll through the **latest** ideas posted on twitter. - click
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/z2hghnh3ro89r6fp/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9zZWFyY2g_cT0lNDBfYnVpbGRzcGFjZSUyMCU0MF9uaWdodHN3ZWVrZW5kcyUyMGZpbHRlciUzQWltYWdlcyZzcmM9dHlwZWRfcXVlcnk=)
to scroll through the **trending** ideas posted on twitter. - click
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/p8heh9hz59lk5ofq/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGlua2VkaW4uY29tL3NlYXJjaC9yZXN1bHRzL2NvbnRlbnQvP2RhdGVQb3N0ZWQ9JTIycGFzdC13ZWVrJTIyJmtleXdvcmRzPSU0MGJ1aWxkc3BhY2Umb3JpZ2luPUZBQ0VURURfU0VBUkNIJnNpZD1RJTJDUiZzb3J0Qnk9JTIyZGF0ZV9wb3N0ZWQlMjI=)
to scroll through the **latest** ideas posted on linkedin. - click
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/x0hph6hwdnl8d6b5/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGlua2VkaW4uY29tL3NlYXJjaC9yZXN1bHRzL2NvbnRlbnQvP2RhdGVQb3N0ZWQ9JTIycGFzdC0yNGglMjIma2V5d29yZHM9JTQwYnVpbGRzcGFjZSZvcmlnaW49RkFDRVRFRF9TRUFSQ0gmc2lkPW5UTCZzb3J0Qnk9JTIycmVsZXZhbmNlJTIy)
to scroll through the **trending** ideas posted on linkedin. - click
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/6qheh8h76pdv68ao/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9fYnVpbGRzcGFjZS8=)
and click "tagged" to scroll through reels/posts on instagram we have
thousands of these already being posted lol its fkin wild. take some
time to browse through, and only respond to the ones you have real
feedback. for example -- would you use their idea? do you understand
their idea? does their idea remind you of something else? reply/comments
publicly. here's example of feedback being given: \|
![](https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/SbYtdtrNqG0kkJT5g_JVwjh2ZE2CeZnxRH8WT3JuBha1IOWfjRf-MBYQVGcmSJgLu8sVySWh2E7Tw4reEXlhSNGPr4A8yxsflDCii8bv5vi1B0r0YbOoNVQR2h1ff1B-lTdi74dEcP7GdWsc6Yrzdg=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2spgrs009xlc0ownqorzhq.jpg)
\| also -- this is your time to explore people in s4, and also
**follow** the ones you think are working on something cool. this is
what i meant by "meeting people in the wild". it's simple -- see a cool
idea" give the person a follow. **lastly, we got instagram reels.**
we've created a really simple
[tutorial](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/kkhmh6hl283g2kul/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cueW91dHViZS5jb20vd2F0Y2g_dj1yQVFRT2hyNVNMMA==)
for you all to post your idea slide to reels. you can find the template
for the insta idea slide
[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/vqh3hrhp3nd23psg/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZmlnbWEuY29tL2NvbW11bml0eS9maWxlLzEyNzA1ODc5MDMwNzk1NzExMDE=)
-- it's the one with less width under the wide rectangle one. you need
to understand, you + your idea slide can go viral. you are a person
working on your own idea, there aren't many like you. plus -- it's
simple af, and you should take a shot.
​[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/58hvh7hmo5zpo6i6/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9yZWVsL0N2ckc4OFZQZWd5Lz91dG1fc291cmNlPWlnX3dlYl9jb3B5X2xpbms=)
is jeffrey's example for reference. that's all! if you have questions
please reply to this email or directly ping -- we reply to every email.
you can also find all the steps on
[this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/4zupqm0k0wceh566ogltxh3533l77/25h2hoh207er0qa3/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3dlZWsvMQ==)
page. \|
![](https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/C57YzRJelRNkW-21eI5lL6zqIAslAXUOZM8I9_ZWE95VnN9Qmempe5bu011RnJhHKYcBZqcna1qRBzK5AD2STSTt7wPI7rgxIstLdUDGnIybmRpRlRltvP5N83f-ZDkHt2zyYaGdhUDmCFwRDQc-pg=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2ss5w501r2mr0nhmpx3ze6.png)
\| ty!! farza (founder @ buildspace) ===================
=================== hey all. \| \| just completed lecture #1. \| \| was
pretty fun. \| \| you can find a recording of lecture #1 on the
[buildspace
os](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fbuildspace.so%2Fhome/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/kLhuZATfQfCLUYk05XQTortpztRBYsSuRKWB33ljYo8=313)
in the "recordings folder" right above the kickoff. \| \| we got the lab
on thursday, rsvp
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Flu.ma%2Fn35am2ih/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/JVdIIT9nSCUgwfwm16pt7bGGQEXKkzUTOyrxBWQxc_Y=313).
\| \| let's talk about next steps. \| \| \|
![](https://ci4.googleusercontent.com/proxy/_A856KRBhfYsHO16atkfioU0pm1mCuq6Zz_sscp3ShrhL0l84aODqP1pSd9YxMhUbwnwBYSADcU55LB_s-zvWtLMb9Fsey-qjuKAYGmER7O7EXsbPMMsl2q-hcdM4rPdRIDC1WAVcyo1xozHSljdiw=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2rtsrn008lju0ovzjahoy6.jpg)
\| \| \| note: if you're at the point where you still haven't even seen
the kickoff and you feel behind, well, be sure you did all the kickoff
steps
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fbuildspace.so%2Fs4%2Fstart/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/z68CXXMGXEDFBPTCnrhxOweA1iPVe--LlMrWmanL6pk=313)
-- pretty simple to catch up. promise. \| \| in order to complete weekly
update #1, you must watch lecture #1. \| \| the weekly update is a
simple form you fill out each week, can find it
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fbuildspace.so%2Fs4%2Fupdate%2F1/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/9pV1lM4mQGTgXqSmS35tWho0I5PhcuQDwznTYxFsmvY=313).
\| \| check it out real quick and scroll through it to get an idea of
what you gotta submit. \| \| update #1 is due on monday, aug 14 @
11:59pm pt. \| \| so, weekly update #1 requires a few things: \| \| \|
\| first, you'll need to create you idea slide on figma via the template
we used in the lecture. you can find the template
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.figma.com%2Fcommunity%2Ffile%2F1270587903079571101/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/AmmuufdTYtYDo9PtYqJ5WJGrRbrTQiuMmeyzP1c1Er4=313).
\| \| \|
![](https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/4rLZk6ys5dQsqBwujicMXWqAb8PmAfiW0e9yuYFH-95poZz8Q7ENTBVbuNrLPWaOAM7WN9qg8o6IjR98yHJXxM1IRcio0wv92mFHdHgZcxwG8W76Os1vkHwy350Q7cz31RZHFF-bEEIIBHHr-OOXNw=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2s31my014fl20qhk99yjtg.jpg)
\| \| \| second, you'll need to post your idea slide to either twitter
or linkedin or insta. \| \| if you want your post to get more visibility
-- you can tag
[@_buildspace](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2F_buildspace/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/WzSqasyftzbxx4MK49J-6-02bHF3C5D9fUkeJeRRbAU=313)
or
[@_nightsweekends](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2F_nightsweekends/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/vtvuTx644Cv2wgfeIJBG0Lo_nr2-hxn-EDmnKLAE9HI=313)
for twitter,
[@buildspace](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fschool%2Fbuildspacee%2F%3FviewAsMember=true/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/5NXUqDe-gRz5XTGA_LkoIWaMmzOEJR1ZxRpzxIxpgOI=313)
on linkedin, or
[@_buildspace](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2F_buildspace%2F%3Fhl=en/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/E0iMSb9w9-ohIK6dNVl3HgDXvT8RyLrMmN-2opGo2Es=313)
on insta. \| \| i recommend you "cc" us like this. \| \| \|
![](https://ci6.googleusercontent.com/proxy/ZkrK1q7Bko29G4GIOV1rcRBUPxVQtmXYuDWa8xFl5bC70nsntBc0K9PAp6uSX5Ich1LGdIxlJDyKIg1mLrRnkJF0r6e1A838Y8e4wJ5ryW6lFi7Ud5Y50NiNd0p-qs8uNuElVeK-EvW1Oeuy9RJUTA=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2s7h2r002dju0ouqs16207.jpg)
\| \| \| generally, twitter is most active in terms of feedback. but,
insta has a much higher chance of getting more views because of the
algorithm. \| \| i recommend posting on all three. \| \| \| \| third,
you'll need to publicly give 5 other people feedback on their idea on
twitter, linkedin, or insta -- simply reply to their idea slide and give
them your honest take about their idea. \| \| - click
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fsearch%3Fq=%2540_buildspace%2520%2540_nightsweekends%2520filter%253Aimages%26src=typed_query%26f=live/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/8OGXxwsm5EYfLmi25wpqMwpslYZfZCvy9-TPYtjyn0k=313)
to scroll through the latest ideas on twitter. \| \| - click
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fsearch%2Fresults%2Fcontent%2F%3FdatePosted=%2522past-week%2522%26keywords=%2540buildspace%26origin=FACETED_SEARCH%26sid=Q%252CR%26sortBy=%2522date_posted%2522/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/iBHQPDda7b5GVwNHjmxzLGJnFMut1OQhMbNetezwRVI=313)
to scroll through the latest ideas on linkedin. \| \| - click
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Finstagram.com%2F_buildspace%3Figshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/ypUrWGK9DV6SlKvJ8nFfuok00BSpoPWSIDOP3fDUQyk=313)
and click "tagged" to scroll through reels/posts on instagram \| \| we
have thousands of these already being posted lol its fkin wild. \| \|
take some time to browse through, and only respond to the ones you have
real feedback. for example -- would you use their idea? do you
understand their idea? does their idea remind you of something else? \|
\| reply/comments publicly. \| \| here's example of feedback being
given: \| \| \|
![](https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/SbYtdtrNqG0kkJT5g_JVwjh2ZE2CeZnxRH8WT3JuBha1IOWfjRf-MBYQVGcmSJgLu8sVySWh2E7Tw4reEXlhSNGPr4A8yxsflDCii8bv5vi1B0r0YbOoNVQR2h1ff1B-lTdi74dEcP7GdWsc6Yrzdg=s0-d-e1-ft#https://d3b9kr64nievew.cloudfront.net/cll2q4wnm000jl70noa54biks/cll2spgrs009xlc0ownqorzhq.jpg)
\| \| \| also -- this is your time to explore people in s4, and also
follow the ones you think are working on something cool. this is what i
meant by "meeting people in the wild". \| \| \| \| lastly, we got
instagram reels. \| \| we've created a really simple [tutorial]() for
you all to post your idea slide to reels. you can find the template for
the idea slide
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.figma.com%2Fcommunity%2Ffile%2F1270587903079571101%2Fs4-ideas/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/6f2FI7j7hOerlCAmjk6X6fnTlNuG7ajiM0xiJFUa-8Q=313).
\| \| you need to understand, you + your idea slide can go viral. \| \|
you are a person working on your own idea, there aren't many like you.
\| \| plus -- it's simple af, and you should take a shot. \| \|
[here](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Freel%2FCvrG88VPegy%2F%3Futm_source=ig_web_copy_link/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/2u7Pn8R_vZwbrrQDzZmR0njlzQLjM6mv6kZ0ijSAGhI=313)
is jeffrey's example for reference. \| \| that's all! if you have
questions please reply to this email or directly ping -- we reply to
every email. \| \| you can also find all the steps on
[this](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fbuildspace.so%2Fs4%2Fweek%2F1/1/01000189d750e3c5-7148611c-6c9a-404e-b6cc-37b9992678d9-000000/TzDqLLe-xW5hIN1J0BDccrFPBW4bQ6pOZ2DD33ljVH0=313)
page. =================== =================== hey all, farza from
buildspace here. we got our first lecture tuesday, aug 8 at 11:30am pt.
that is today! please make sure you do all 4 of these things before the
lecture. 1. watch kickoff. 1. install the buildspace os (or set as
homepage), a lot of you still need to do this. 1. rsvp for this weeks
lectures/events. 1. choose your house. [​here's a page with
everything.​](https://c.vialoops.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fbuildspace.so%2Fs4%2Fstart/1/01000189d4c39a3a-adbf86de-30c0-4ad3-bb78-44aaa18c81a8-000000/_TWrN_QN2uT-X9skmDdwdWSxscsrRku3_ti_OgRsalA=313)
if you already did all these things, you're good! see you there. thanks!
farza (founder @ buildspace) =============== =============== (sorry for
if you receive this email twice, having an issue with our mail
provider). hey all, farza from buildspace here. we got our first lecture
tuesday, aug 8 at 11:30am pt. that is tomorrow! please make sure you do
all 4 of these things before the lecture. 1. watch kickoff. 2. install
the buildspace os (or set as homepage), a lot of you still need to do
this. 3. rsvp for this weeks lectures/events. 4. choose your house +
join the whatsapp. ​[**​here's a page with
everything.​**](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/o8uvz9020eiqhkgg4dguvhpvpp8rr/48hvhehrq2grgqax/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3N0YXJ0)​
if you already did all these things, you're good! see you tomorrow.
thanks! farza (founder @ buildspace)
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/o8uvz9020eiqhkgg4dguvhpvpp8rr)​
![](https://ci5.googleusercontent.com/proxy/urgEsVDwmBqXQU2GKmKLZF5IeqDYSgMRt-Gi6cnolHTHSEw-rXhfkgMOIpOC7dmHn5W84aPnTk8jB0t7FHZRvsG9K5rZSkRPte4ODHBSAMw4iQ=s0-d-e1-ft#https://open.convertkit-mail2.com/o8uvz9020eiqhkgg4dguvhpvpp8rr)
\|
![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AAcHTtdSrJEjfpDJPLkGEurJN8fAbKLWmuoXxIJmNKrqkdkmmoGf=s80-p)
\| ReplyForward ================ ================= hey all.
​[here's](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/qdurl9eme3c7h7od2lgalhnqnnrkk/e0hph7h0ww8roqa8/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudHdpdGNoLnR2L3ZpZGVvcy8xODkwOTUzNTkyP3Q9MDBoMTJtNDRz) the
recording of kickoff -- missed it in the last email. sorry if you had
issues with twitch. looks like they legit had server issues and people
were getting kicked out. we'll likely use youtube next time or
something. but, was 90% fine :)! ty!! farza (founder @ buildspace)
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/qdurl9eme3c7h7od2lgalhnqnnrkk)
======================= ======================= EMAIL: s4 kickoff. hey
all. what an insane kickoff. **below are the 5 next steps -- plz do
these right now or you'll forget i know it lol.** **it'll all take you
5-7m max.** if you missed kickoff, please watch it here. it sets up all
of nights & weekends. some key takeaways from kickoff: - lectures will
be on tuesdays, labs will be on thursdays -- both at 11:30am pt. - demo
day is september 16 - final 32 is september 17 - irl in sf is sep 22 -
24 - irl in dubai is sep 29 - oct 1 - every week you must submit a
weekly update - you must submit 4/6 updates to be eligible for demo day,
final 32, graduation, and the irl events. - the first weekly update will
drop on tuesday. - there are 4 houses: spectreseek, gaudmire, erevald,
alterok -- please pick a house, more on that below. **okay the 5
steps:** **1. install the buildspace os.** this is important. this is
your home for all thing nights & weekends. it's a browser extension that
will replace your new tab page with aesthetic art + you'll see the
countdown to demo day, upcoming events, updates, etc. download
it [here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/p8heh9hz55nnmqsq/aHR0cHM6Ly9naXRodWIuY29tL2J1aWxkc3BhY2UvYnVpbGRzcGFjZS1vcy9hcmNoaXZlL3JlZnMvaGVhZHMvbWFpbi56aXA=) + [here's
a 60s
video](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/x0hph6hwdd55o4c5/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubG9vbS5jb20vc2hhcmUvOGZhMzcyOTVkYzZkNDdmZDk0NWIzNDhkYWI1MmZkYTE=) on
how to install it or here's
a [readme](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/dpheh0h0wwllvxam/aHR0cHM6Ly9naXRodWIuY29tL2J1aWxkc3BhY2UvYnVpbGRzcGFjZS1vcy9ibG9iL21haW4vUkVBRE1FLm1k).
if you can't install the extension on your browser --- then go ahead and
set [this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/e0hph7h0ww886xb8/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL2hvbWU=) as
your homepage **2. rsvp for next 2-weeks events + subscribe to the s4
calendar** please rsvp **individually** to the next 4 events: -
​[lecture #1 -- ideas are forged, not
found.](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/7qh7h8hopprrlvfz/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9ib3BkY3E4ag==)​ -
​[lab #1 -- decide on your
idea.](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/owhkhqhrll229kuv/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9uMzVhbTJpaA==)​ -
​[lecture #2 -- build a
toy.](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/z2hghnh3rrqq6kip/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS84ODhham82OQ==)​ -
​[lab #2 -- how to plan it and actually build
it.](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/p8heh9hz55nn6dtq/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9tdDJ0bDRmZQ==)​
we use luma for all our event rsvps, it'll have you make an account. we
use luma b/c it has a solid email reminder system. you can skip the
phone number part, no need to give it that.
also, [here's](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/x0hph6hwdd552df5/aHR0cHM6Ly9jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29tL2NhbGVuZGFyL3UvMD9jaWQ9WTE4eU4yVmtOMlZqTVdGaE9UTmhPRGM1TWpRelltWTJObUl5T0RJMU16TXdOVEJtTmpSbVl6YzFaRGd4TUdWak5qQTROV0ZsTUdFM04yTm1ZbVZqTldFMVFHZHliM1Z3TG1OaGJHVnVaR0Z5TG1kdmIyZHNaUzVqYjIw) the
link to the google calendar for s4 -- please add it to your g-cal.
*note: regardless if you use the calendar, you'll need to rsvp to the
weekly events. but, the g-cal helps!* **3. choose your house.** like i
said at kickoff, there are 4 houses at buildspace. spectreseek (red),
alterok (blue), gaudmire (yellow), and erevald (green). each one has a
very specific vibe/energy. we actually made you 4 special websites. open
them up in 4 tabs:
​[sprectreseek.com](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/6qheh8h766mmrdbo/aHR0cHM6Ly9zcGVjdHJlc2Vlay5jb20v)​\
​[alterok.com](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/kkhmh6hl22kkw9fl/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbHRlcm9rLmNvbS8=)​\
​[gaudmire.com](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/58hvh7hmoorrx5t6/aHR0cHM6Ly9nYXVkbWlyZS5jb20v)​\
​[erevald.com](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/25h2hoh200kk92i3/aHR0cHM6Ly9lcmV2YWxkLmNvbS8=)​
take some time to figure out which house you resonate with most. we want
you to really feel the house you're a part of -- so, each site has
wallpapers, banners, and more for you. also, on twitter/linkedin/insta
-- in your bio you can go ahead and add something like this:
sprectreseek @_buildspace gaudmire @_buildspace erevald @_buildspace
alterok @_buildspace you're gonna meet a lotta people on socials from
nights & weekends -- and, we want people from the same house to start
getting to know each other. it's not required, but, just know having us
in your bio seems to help with discovery. **4. get on the whatsapp or
text list.** i'll be emailing you updates throughout s4. but, tbh i
barely check my own emails lol. so -- i'll be texting you updates
throughout s4. we made four **read-only** whatsapps for you to join
based on your house. these will be used for announcements only. **please
only join one of these groups.** **they all will have the same
content.** ​[join spectreseek
whatsapp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/qvh8h7hr2299wdhl/aHR0cHM6Ly9jaGF0LndoYXRzYXBwLmNvbS9MZGZGQnhoejJWWDVFZ0tjUnNZWUhI)​
​[join alterok
whatsapp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/g3hnh5h3oo4496ur/aHR0cHM6Ly9jaGF0LndoYXRzYXBwLmNvbS9LSEpwMWowVnpMZTdpNmFBc1FQU3lD)
​[join gaudmire
whatsapp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/9qhzhnhp33oow9a9/aHR0cHM6Ly9jaGF0LndoYXRzYXBwLmNvbS9DdTliNE1HNm9pSURid0lOTXoxN1ZF)
​[join erevald
whatsapp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/3ohphkh799eemvsr/aHR0cHM6Ly9jaGF0LndoYXRzYXBwLmNvbS9LMVMzTUVWNTV6YTlGekVObE82WVNw)​
if you don't really use whatsapp and are in **usa or canada**, please
get on the text message
list [here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/n2hohvh355zzq2t6/aHR0cHM6Ly9teS5jb21tdW5pdHkuY29tL2ZhcnphP3Q9aGklMjBmYXJ6YSUyMGltJTIwaW4lMjBzNCUyQyUyMGdldCUyMG1lJTIwb24lMjB0aGUlMjBsaXN0IQ==).
it's a quick 2-minute flow. just a note -- there are no public chatrooms
anywhere. we have never had chatrooms at buildspace, and never will.
like i said in kickoff, i want you all to meet each other in the wild
throughout these 6-weeks. **5. join the discord forums + get the s4
role.** go ahead and join the
discordforums [here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/48hvhehrqq44lvcx/aHR0cHM6Ly9kaXNjb3JkLmdnL0hiTUhTa3FIODc=).
once you join, please be sure to get the s4 role. you'll find it on the
left nav bar under #get-s4-role. my advice with the discord: its pretty
noisy -- but if you put in the work to interact + read stuff each day
and get to know folks, you'll get value out of it. if you just expect to
open it and see cool shit instantly like tiktok, you'll be disappointed
af lol. ​ **lastly, send someone your buddy pass before it expires.**
you kinda have a feel now for what we're all about. and, remember -- you
got a [buddy
pass](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/wnh2hghwvvee77c7/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L2J1ZGR5).
you can still give it to someone and get them access to s4. again, this
doesn't need to be someone you work with directly. it could just be
someone you wanna bring into s4 that seems cool.
​[here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/reh8hoh0vvggdza2/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS8weFJhZHVhbi9zdGF0dXMvMTY4NjgwNjgwNDMxODEwNTYwMA==) was
our favorite use of the buddy pass so far -- super smart. literally used
it to find himself a buddy in amsterdam lol. i'll still post on
my [twitter](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/08hwh9hdww33e5ul/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9GYXJ6YVRW) about
s4 + interact with your tweets. but,
my [insta](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/vqh3hrhp33zz0zsg/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9mYXJ6YTk1NA==) is
going to be all about s4 and i'll be posting videos there with updates,
highlighting cool projects, and more. give it a follow. if you're
feeling fancy, can
follow [buildspace](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/l2hehmh3vv882xi6/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9fYnVpbGRzcGFjZS8=) on
insta as well -- thats where we'll post more vibey/aesthetic art stuff.
that's all! thanks so much for being a part of this thing. see
you [tuesday](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500/7qh7h8hopprrlvfz/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9ib3BkY3E4ag==) at
11:30am pt for our first lecture. the first weekly update will drop on
tuesday, after the first lecture. ty!! farza (founder @ buildspace)
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/zlueznlplvtnh4perlvsph2722500)​
============== ============== EMAIL: you've been accepted to s4. Wed,
Aug 2, 11:04 AM hi. good news. welcome to nights & weekends season 4. \|
![](https://ci6.googleusercontent.com/proxy/oFiBwpGhI4m8hef--rzsuzVgm6y9mdJ8zWJsacIX3qHjHQJ3dEHI7oFOBUxr1o4mCDwGW300R5ufnprMqnd4P4epZAjeEnF8VSRlVm2JtXIPJJ8Wl0_8JKNirfhJtPsHsNb8wyI=s0-d-e1-ft#https://embed.filekitcdn.com/e/wJXiug9XRLaK4vLwmTwRaG/5zPKZjYLjgkNbjE5t79wBY/email)
\| we've assembled an amazing group. musicians, engineers, filmmakers,
roboticists, hackers, and more. you should be super proud. some of you
have your own project you're already focused on. some of you are at the
stage where you just have an idea and just want to work on it + figure
it out. regardless, all of you know how to create things-- and just want
to start building and stay building. *some* you may have applied
randomly, and now that you're in your like, "damn do i actually wanna do
this!?". 92% of people in nights & weekends have a day job or school.
we're all just gonna figure this out together. my recommendation is to
just give this a shot and *at least* come to kickoff. go from there.
what do you have to lose? ok, a few action items for you. **first -- add
kickoff to your calendar.** ​[head here and
rsvp](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/g3hnh5h3ol9qz8hr/aHR0cHM6Ly9sdS5tYS9zNC1raWNrb2Zm) --
we're going to kickoff s4 on saturday, august 5 at 11am pt. this is
where I'll be covering everything about how nights & weekends works, the
schedule, etc. nearly, all your questions will be answered there. just
be sure to show up so you get all the details. this is like orientation
day. do not miss it. **two -- accept your invite.**
fill [this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/9qhzhnhp36w52oi9/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L2FjY2VwdA==) form
out to accept your invite and guarantee your spot in s4. **three --
partners and teams.** if you're working with a team or partner
please *make sure you forward them all this email -- they must complete
all these steps.* you need to make sure every single one of your
teammates fill out the acceptance form **individually** and signs up for
kickoff. don't got a team? don't worry. 90% of people in nights &
weekends do it all solo. you don't need a teammate. **four -- you get a
buddy pass.** got a someone who you think might be good for s4? well,
since you've been accepted -- you get a buddy pass. the person you
invite will automatically be accepted to s4. we trust you to invite
whoever -- but, *please* make sure they're serious/ not weird lol. your
buddy pass has a max of 2 uses. also -- this person doesn't need to
work *with *you. they could just work on their own project,
individually. if you don't got any buddies that wanna do this, just
tweet [this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/3ohphkh792mpdpfr/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9pbnRlbnQvdHdlZXQ_dGV4dD1pJTIwZ290JTIwYSUyMGJ1ZGR5JTIwcGFzcyUyMGZvciUyMCU0MF9uaWdodHN3ZWVrZW5kcyUyMHM0LiUwQSUwQWFueW9uZSUyMHdhbnQlMjBpdCUzRiUyMGRtJTIwbWUu) out
and see what happens lol.
and, [here's](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/wnh2hghwvk70ozu7/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmltZ3VyLmNvbS95R2NpMXJ1LnBuZw==) a
fancy image you can share on whatsapps, insta, attach to tweet, wateva
tf. we figure a fancy image might help convince people to use your buddy
pass lol. ​[here's your buddy
pass](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/8ghqhohlp2drg2bk/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L2J1ZGR5) --
this is the link you send people who wanna join via your buddy pass.
**five -- check out your acceptance pack** below are four images we
created. go ahead and open each one up in a new tab. ​[​vibe
#1](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/vqh3hrhp3v0wn4ug/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmltZ3VyLmNvbS9Cb1VpWVVvLnBuZw==)​\
​[vibe
#2](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/m2h7h5h80q54o7sm/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmltZ3VyLmNvbS9ZQWdBbUxWLnBuZw==)​\
​[vibe
#3](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/e0hph7h0wlvrkkt8/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmltZ3VyLmNvbS9QdG9Zbzk5LnBuZw==)​\
​[vibe
#4](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/owhkhqhrl69q4wsv/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmltZ3VyLmNvbS9YNlh1MjJRLnBuZw==)​
this is your acceptance image. or hey, maybe you
like [this](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/p8heh9hz526q9xtq/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmltZ3VyLmNvbS9RU1RkMkdzLnBuZw==) one!
take the image you picked + download it. it's a big deal you got in.
tell the world.
click [here](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/6qheh8h765r9pxao/aHR0cHM6Ly90d2l0dGVyLmNvbS9pbnRlbnQvdHdlZXQ_dGV4dD0=) to
tweet it out. **once you do, we'll reply to you with a little gift. **be
sure to tag us so we can see it @_buildspace.* note: on the tweet, don't
link the image, download + attach it directly.* if you have linkedin you
can post the acceptance image and tag @buildspace, we'll repost it +
gift you something. lastly, we also made some cool videos. ​[vibe
#1](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/25h2hoh2089m7ws3/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9wL0N2YzFyQVlnX3plLz9obD1lbg==)​\
​[vibe
#2](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/g3hnh5h3ol9qe8sr/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9wL0N2YzFlSkNBbFZfLz9obD1lbg==)​\
​[vibe
#3](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/9qhzhnhp36w5gob9/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9wL0N2YzFNMUVnZWlDLz9obD1lbg==)​\
​[vibe
#4](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/n2hohvh35xq7nlh6/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5zdGFncmFtLmNvbS9wL0N2YzFCcURBSkItLz9obD1lbg==)​
feel free to repost to your story and we'll say wassup. can download em
all on [this
page](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn/48hvhehrqplx03ux/aHR0cHM6Ly9idWlsZHNwYWNlLnNvL3M0L3BhY2s=) as
well. see you on saturday! farza (founder @ buildspace)
​[unsub](https://unsubscribe.convertkit-mail2.com/38um53kqk0bkho4qzk7irh5655onn)
